Hello my name is Anya Falcon and
today I will show the novelty 12
intense lip gloss from nyx
intent butter gloss
this is an upgraded hotel previous
series batyr eyes very cool drives
For lips, I'll show you all of us .
hue napoleon bright action movies
take the pipe this eggplant
that's stupid
to put
marshmallow rain
Mandarin
it will strengthen
now
bananastreet glade
zakharov
may not be able to disrupt the
we have a pretty one
black black so
36 like mothers
sites
whiten your teeth legally
Now I'm going to try to remove the gloss from my parents.
and see it happen to the lips when
we are a pebble
color remains
summarizing all the shades which
I tried them now
for the first time with you and I can say that
it's true intense brilliance he is not they
highly pigmented and and also very
pleasant sensation on the lips
they nourish their lips and that's not all
the time of the penitential was already brilliant
it was very comfortable also their pretty
convenient to apply
and also they have a nice sweet
Smell sure write me in
comments which of the shades
you liked most we do not
also what you liked and you would you
wore it in life thank you for your attention
put likes see you in new videos
until